Workflow which automates the release on PyPI (#985)
xcube-dev/xcube: CHANGES.md

* NUMBA_DISABLE_JIT set to `0` to enable `numba.jit` in github workflow (#946)

> * add GitHub workflow to perform an automatic release on PyPI
>   after GitHub release (#982)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added GitHub workflow to perform an automatic xcube release on PyPI after a GitHub 
  release. To install xcube via the `pip` tool use `pip install xcube-core`,  
  since the name "xcube" is already taken on PyPI by another software. (#982)
```
